Add /agenda and /meeting redirections (#104)
paralus/website: docs/References/community.md

If you are on Twitter, don't forget to [Follow Paralus](https://twitter.com/paralus_) for latest updates.

If you're looking to contribute to Paralus, we suggest you check out our [contribution guide](../references/contribution).

> We convene bi-weekly for our Paralus community meetings, a dynamic forum where we discuss the latest project updates, showcase demos, address queries, and prioritize tasks. These sessions take place every alternate Tuesday at 20:30 IST. Explore our archive of [previous meeting notes](https://paralus.io/agenda) and find the [link](https://paralus.io/meeting) to join upcoming sessions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We convene bi-weekly for our Paralus community meetings, a dynamic forum to discuss the latest project updates, showcase demos, address queries, and prioritize tasks. 

- **When** : 2nd and 4th Tuesday
- **Time** :  20:30 IST | 10:00 EST | 07:00 PST
- **Where** : [Zoom ](https://paralus.io/meeting)
- **Agenda** :  [Agenda](https://paralus.io/agenda)

Join the community calls to know what's happening with Paralus - updates, issues, and everything else. You can also join the calls to share your ideas, suggestions or discuss any problem that you might be facing.
```

Author: Looks good. Updated in latest commit.
